evidence and never look like missing and
now the captain robert brady oughtn't to
break me but baton has been passed he's
up against Kevin McCallum from Scotland
and the Scottish line up noticeably
changed there you can see Kevin he's got
to try and pull things back a little and
that's assuming he gets a chance from
the sure-handed southpaw from Ireland
middle bag red same pocket this doesn't
look too bad
grab right there from Robert controlled
the white playfully well made a left and
yellow in the left center yellow you see
a lot of these players on tour Chris and
I mean you're obviously a very
accomplished player but is there any
that stand out in your mind as concern
for me this is one of the biggest games
Robert bred he's been out of the game
for two two years playing for Ireland in
my opinion is the best Irish player and
if he can win this frame Island I've got
to know lead giving his team all the
confidence they need to go through to
the final you'd like to have seen that
going because it really doesn't guard
the pocket against any yellows so early
advantage to Ireland and Robert Brady I
think Robert I love the advantage he had
simply because I've known Kevin a long
time Kevin Zapata declares the balls
very fast just gets down knocks him in I
think Roberts just try to slow him down
here a little bit and no prizes to guess
which yellow is the most awkward on the
table the one glued to the black ball
that's got to be developed at some stage
left a perfect angle lad on the yellow
just to kick into the black Notley
yellow next the black over the round
corner pocket give himself every chance
to clear the bowls
yes he's wasting little time Chris and I
like see a player
I like seeing a player think like this
because you want to get out those
awkward ones as early as possible how's
that beautifully judged couldn't have
played this show any better caught the
black full ball looking the yellow over
the ransom in coma and still keeping
that yellow over the pocket just in case
a miss should creep in so he still got
that insurance policy of guarding it
against that red just to the left of the
black as we look by the way Robert
Brady's going through these right now I
don't think he's looking for an
insurance policy Roberts on a mission
here he only needs one Jamison he's got
that and he's taking the bull by the
harm's there
if he gets this and he has again a
picture-perfect performance from Team
Ireland they just don't look like doing
anything wrong in the early stages of
this semi-final well he made sure he
cleared the red there didn't he slightly
over hit and this is a little more
difficult than Robert Brady would have
liked is just over them the wide ball
last slightly I think you're more
concerned about snooping himself behind
the red making sure these come high so I
can call the black in I think you'll see
Robert go for the court and kiss the red
in the center of the table just to hold
the white very important to stay still
nothing else he's put the pressure right
back on Kevin McCallum six Reds remain
and Kevin can afford no mistakes the
list for him will be finished in less
than a minute
Nolan clever Kevin quite a few years it
takes no time whatsoever gets down
Possible's that one loose positional
shot from robert brady proving so costly
here the slightly over hit that one not
going to be able to get as close to the
other red as he would have liked just
draw back into the center of the table
great shot there well what a turn up
this is Scotland pounces back grabs the
eight from the mist and what one the
scoreline and the Scottish supporters
reason to cheer here that was a
turnaround when it looked like robert
brady was going to secure a to nil lead
for ireland back came scotland when the
mists crept in